Home Page
Welcome to my website! I'm Melany, a graphic designer based in Ottawa. I'm devoted to my work and want to help you bring your ideas to life.

Lettering
Custom lettering is a great way to personalize projects. I've created pieces for weddings and print, using this amazing technique!

Layout
There's no surprise I'm equally as passionate about Layout and Typography. I create clean and nicely laid out layouts using my wide knowledge of typography and software.

Illustration
What better way to express an idea than with an illustration? I create custom graphics and icons for all purposes.

Want to bring your idea to life? Send me a message!

Passion Projects
I believe that Passion Projects are a must to keep the creative juices flowing. I keep myself busy on the side to learn new skills or just explore my abilities. Take a look at my latest and favourite project: Star Wars Icons.


About
"Hello There." -Obi-Wan Kenobi
I'm Melany Pelletier-Vaillant from Ottawa, ON. I'm a second year graphic design student at Algonquin College and have been loving every minute of it.
Design is my happy place and overall passion. I am constantly creating, whether it be for school, clients or just myself. I'm always searching for new ways to learn and develop my skills to better myself as a designer. Helping clients create new material let's me use my passion for others.
When I'm not busy with my design projects, my hobbies include building legos, taking pictures of my cat and shopping for new markers.


Beer EXPO
Beer Expo is a fictional event created for my Graphic Design class. We were tasks with creating a fictional event and develop the branding behind it. I knew I wanted to explore my illustration skills, and Beer City was born!
Beer City is every beer lover's dream. Take a walk down IPA Lane, or stop at the Beer Station to fill up. This brand brings the audience into the city itself and captures beer lovers of all grades: those who are very knowledgeable and those who simply enjoy a good pint.

Beer City is always exciting! Every time you look inside, you are bound to find a new detail!

Bucket of Illustrations
The great aspect about this brand is the versatility. Each illustration is created individually which facilitates the creation of more graphic pieces. They can be positioned in many different ways to create cohesive graphical elements.

Colour palette
The palette used is bright and cohesive, mostly using the orange colour because, beer! Adding greens and reds creates eye-catching pieces.


Ferrero Rocher
This re-packaging assignment quickly turned into one of my favourites. We were tasked with choosing an existing packaging that was not environmentally friendly and make it better. After a quick trip to the store, I noticed that the Ferrero Rocher Packaging was terrible for this.

These pictures show how horrible the original packaging had been. Plastic surounded the entire thing.

First thing was first: I needed to create a new packaging itself and minimize the amount of material used yet still keep the truffles intact. It started with the shelf idea, since they could all stack nicely and create a support system. I decided to keep the box shape since it was easy to stack them on shelves.


It was around Christmas time, so naturally I was inspired to create something holiday themed. I wanted to explore the monoline style to create a Christmas village.
The final piece to make this some together was the gold foil! It turned out perfectly since Ferrero's colour is gold. The entire design was foiled on the white packaging to make it stand out.
